Hi

I went through the job description and about your company. I would love to be part of your team. I am a story teller and a Javascript enthusiast. I am currently spearheading the role of a Principal developer at an e-commerce company, Advance Auto Parts, Hyderabad. In my 12+ years of experience in mobile and web development, I have always worked in startups to build meaningful software products. As a full-stack developer, I have worn multiple hats to get things done, but react, javascript, and visualization excite me the most. 
I have B1/B2 visa approved for the USA.

Following are achievements or accomplishments, which is worth mentioning:-
1. Built a high performing team here at Advance Auto Parts. It includes actively hiring and mentoring team members.
2. Optimized the performance of our ecommerce web app. This involved the following steps:-
	a. upgraded to http2 servers on nginx. This helped us in leveraging the benefit of http2 like server push, request multiplexing, and reduced header size.
	b. introduced redis.
	c. iteratively improving the core web vitals score. there by leading to an improved SEO ranking.

3. looked into the security aspect of the e-commerce application. Implemented CSP, Snyk scans.

4. single-handedly delivered all the visualization projects on d3. Some of the graphs I have put out in open at https://www.willsnvision.com/. I have also developed a few more advanced visualization graphs which are not mentioned here.

5. Prototyped and currently developing voice and video calls using webrtc.

6. Implemented Oauth2 to generate tokens for clients(Auth code, Implicit, and client credential grant types). So that third-party apps can integrate with us and fetch data on behalf of clients.

7. SAML integration of our collaboration tool, so that our clients can single sign-on into our product(collaboration tool).

8. Feature development on B2C mobile app(react-native). https://itunes.apple.com/in/app/optymyze/id1210409076?mt=8 https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.optymyze.OptymyzeSalesOpsMobile&hl=en_IN

9. Received Amazon voucher worth 10k, twice a year for writing the maximum amount of unit tests. This has helped us in writing stable and testable code.
 
How will I add value to your org:-
1. I have B1/B2 call visa approved for USA. So I can easily commute to USA for any business needs.
2. I have a good command on the following tech stack:-
	frontend: react, next.js, react-native, rx-js, typescript, socket-io
	backend: nodejs, express, nestjs, prisma.io
	visualization: d3
	devops: Docker, AWS, PM2, nginx, terraform 
	database: PostgreSQL, mongodb, redis
	tools: splunk, new relic, quantum metrics

3. Building a high performance team by hiring new candidates and constantly mentoring the junior folks.
4. I can be a great help to the company in terms of front-end technology. I have done a humongous amount of work that is frontend intensive. In terms of the front-end, you can rely 101% on me.

I have also attached my resume for your reference.

SkypeId: raydedon
email: raydedon@gmail.com
Phone number: +91-9552449305

Cheers!!